docs: Graduate Component HotReloading to GA (#5162)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/resiliency/resiliency-overview.md

## Hot Reloading

> Since Dapr v1.18, changes to Resiliency resources are automatically detected and trigger a graceful restart of the Dapr sidecar (via SIGHUP) to apply the updated resiliency policies. Unchanged Resiliency resources are silently ignored. SIGHUP is not supported on Windows. To opt out, disable the `HotReload` feature in the [Dapr application configuration]({{% ref "preview-features.md" %}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to Resiliency resources are automatically detected and trigger a graceful restart of the Dapr sidecar to apply the updated resiliency policies. Unchanged Resiliency resources are silently ignored.. To opt out, disable the `HotReload` feature in the [Dapr Resiliency]({{% ref "configuration-overview.md" %}}).
```

Reviewer: Same here. This has to be fixed for Windows. Cannot release otherwise.

> Since Dapr v1.18, changes to Resiliency resources are automatically detected and trigger a graceful restart of the Dapr sidecar (via SIGHUP) to apply the updated resiliency policies. Unchanged Resiliency resources are silently ignored. SIGHUP is not supported on Windows. To opt out, disable the `HotReload` feature in the [Dapr application configuration]({{% ref "preview-features.md" %}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to Resiliency resources are automatically detected and trigger a graceful restart of the Dapr sidecar to apply the updated resiliency policies. To opt out, disable the `HotReload` feature in the [Dapr application configuration]({{% ref "configuration-overview.md" %}}).
```

Reviewer: You need to update the https://docs.dapr.io/operations/configuration/configuration-overview/ application configuration section to add the hot reload feature into the list and then reference it here.
